So in all of the example components
that we've looked at so far,
we've been running logic
inside the script block,
which means that it executes
once the component instantiates.
And that's useful for most of the things
that we need to do, but occasionally,
we need to have some logic that
runs once for the entire module and
is shared between all
instances of the component.
And for that, we have something
called context = "module".
So, in this app, we have a bunch
of different audio elements.
And if I start playing one of them and
then start playing another one,
they'll all play over each other,
and that's no good.
What we want is for
each play to cause all of the other
audio elements to stop playing.
And so we'll do that by having some state
that is shared between all of the audio
players.
We'll begin by creating a script
with context = "module".
And then we're just gonna have a single
pieces state here called current.
And then, in this function, stopOthers,
whenever the audio element is played,
We're just gonna see if this is the
current audio, and if it's not, pause it.
And change the value of current.
So now if we play this piece of audio and
then play this piece of audio,
the first piece of audio will stop.
Now anything that gets exported from
a context = "module" script block becomes
an export from the module itself.
So if we export a stopAll
function from AudioPlayer.svelte,
like this, export function stopAll(),
And then just take all of the elements
in this set and pause it.
We can now import that function
into App.svelte, like this.
And we can use it inside
this button's event handler,
[MUSIC]
Like so.